# Berry Yield Prediction

*Project Date: 2021-04-10*

## Introduction

This dashboard is created in a 47-hour DataFest competition by a three-member team. The major objective is to analyze the non-medical use of prescription drugs in Germany. The final result is a streamlit dashboard that contains three sections:

- **EDA**
- **Predictive Model**
- **Causal Inference**

In the **EDA** section, we tried plots between pairs of variables to find intuitions. After trial, we decided to analyze the relationship between drug use in certain time interval (within 1 year/month/week or whole lifetime) and personal information & lifestyle. At the same time, we also created a map plot to show drug use proportion in different regions in Germany using zip code information.

In the **Predictive Model** section, we tried 14 kinds of classifier to train the dataset and compare their accuracy, F1 score and time efficiency. Specifically, we chose three models (Logistic Regression & Gradient Boosting Classifier & Random Forest Classifier) , tuned their parameters and compared the importance of predictors generated by them.

In the **Causal Inference**, we firstly analyzed the drug use distribution in pregnant women samples. Due to the covariate imbalance in this dataset, we used the weighted causal inference model (Inverse Prebability Weighting & Overlap Weighting) to test if the difference between groups are significant under balance. Similarly, we also conducted inference for different genders, income levels, survey languages etc.

## Streamlit Dashboard

The dashboard can be obtained by running the following code in the terminal:

```
streamlit run dashboard.py
```

This dashboard is also deployed through Streamlit Community Cloud at [this link](https://german-nmurx-dashboard-mingxuan-yang.streamlit.app/).
